docs: add tslib update migration docs (#37402)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/migration-update-libraries-tslib.md

The `tslib` version is also updated to `2.0.0` to support TypeScript 3.9.

Before:
```json
{
  "name": "my-lib",
  "version": "0.0.1",
  "peerDependencies": {
    "@angular/common": "^9.0.0",
    "@angular/core": "^9.0.0",
    "tslib": "^1.12.0"
  }
}
```

After:
```json
{
  "name": "my-lib",
  "version": "0.0.1",
  "peerDependencies": {
    "@angular/common": "^9.0.0",
    "@angular/core": "^9.0.0"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "tslib": "^2.0.0"
  }
}
```

## Why is this migration necessary?

The [`tslib`](https://github.com/Microsoft/tslib) is a runtime library for Typescript.
The version of this library is bound to the version of the TypeScript compiler used to compile a library.
Peer dependencies do not accurately represent this relationship between the runtime and the compiler.
If `tslib` remained declared as a library peer dependency, it would be possible for some Angular workspaces to get into a state where the workspace could not satisfy `tslib` peer dependency requirements for multiple libraries, resulting in build-time or run-time errors.

As of TypeScript 3.9 (used by Angular v10), `tslib` version of 2.x is required to build new applications.

> However older libraries built with previous version of TypeScript and already published to npm might need `tslib` 1.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, older libraries built with previous version of TypeScript and already published to npm might need `tslib` 1.x.
```

> This migration makes it possible for code depending on these incompatible versions of `tslib` to remain interoperable.

Reviewer: Not required, but it seems like this sentence is what really explains why this migration is required. You could move it to the beginning of this section, and reword it slightly:

```suggestion
This migration makes it possible for code depending on incompatible versions of the `tslib` runtime library to remain interoperable.
```
